						             -*- outline -*-

* Copyright (C) 2010, 2011, 2012 Didier Verna

This file is part of Clon.

Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification,
are permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright
notice and this notice are preserved.


* Portability
Clon currently works on Unix systems (MacOS X included) with SBCL, CMUCL, CCL,
ECL, CLISP and ABCL. Clon has no mandatory dependency. CFFI may optionally be
used with CLISP. See section A.3 Supported Platforms in the user manual for
more information. A precompiled version of this manual may be found at
http://www.lrde.epita.fr/~didier/software/lisp/clon/user.pdf.


* Contents
In addition to the library itself, the Clon distribution offers documentation
in the form of 3 different manuals, some data files that are needed for it to
work properly, and a couple of demo programs. Because of that, some bits of
manual installation are needed.


* Installation
Please perform the following steps, in order.

** Configuration
Edit Makefile.cnf to your specific needs. For ASDF 1, the demo programs
demos/simple.lisp and demos/advanced.lisp might also need some tweaking.

** Pre-installation
If you're using ASDF 1, you need to "make install-system" before anything else
in order to create the system file symlink where appropriate. Otherwise (ASDF
2), we assume that you have unpacked somewhere in the source registry.

** Build
Type "make" to compile the documentation and the demo programs (end-user
manual, user manual and possibly reference manual). By default, the
documentation is built in info, PDF and HTML formats. If you want other
formats (DVI and PostScript are available), type "make all-formats". You can
also type individually "make dvi" and/or "make ps" in order to get the
corresponding format.

As documented in Makefile.cnf, the reference manual is only generated if you
have SBCL and the Declt library at hand (see
http://www.lrde.epita.fr/~didier/software/lisp/misc.php#declt).

** Installation
Type "make install" to install both the documentation and the data files. If
you have compiled the documentation in DVI and PostScript format, those will
be installed as well. The same goes for the reference manual.

The demo programs are not installed anywhere.

** Uninstallation
Type "make uninstall".
